README.md, before:

# SaveIt - IG Reels 📌 Bookmarker App 📱

**IG Reel Saver** is a web & Android app that lets you **receive Instagram Reel shares and bookmark them automatically** so you can build your own personal Reel library.

Built with **Angular + PWA + Trusted Web Activity (TWA)**.

---
## 🔄 How Reel Sharing Works
<p align="center">
  <img src="saveit.gif" width="320" alt="IG Reel Saver Demo"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <b>Instagram → Share → SaveIt→ Saved</b>
</p>

The app registers itself as a **Web Share Target** so Instagram can send Reel URLs directly into it.

---
## 🚀 What This App Does

Instead of manually copying Instagram Reel links, this app allows you to:

1. Open Instagram  
2. Tap **Share → SaveIt App**  
3. The Reel is instantly **saved (bookmarked)** inside the app  

No copy-paste needed.

This app does **not download videos** — it only saves Reel links.

---

## 📲 Key Features

- 🔗 Accepts Instagram **Share Intent**
- 📌 Automatically bookmarks shared Reels
- 🗂 Stores all Reels in one organized list
- ⚡ Fast, offline-ready local storage
- 📱 Works as:
  - Web App  
  - PWA  
  - Android Trusted Web App (no browser UI)

---

## 🧠 Why This App Exists

Instagram’s “Saved” section is limited and hard to organize.  
IG Reel Saver gives you a **personal Reel vault**:

- No login
- No ads
- No tracking
- Your data stays on your device

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- Angular
- TypeScript
- Bootstrap
- IndexedDB (Dexie)
- PWA
- Trusted Web Activity (TWA)

---

Commit message:

Update README with Android app download instructions
Added instructions for downloading the Android app and updated the app description.

README.md, after:

# SaveIt - IG Reels 📌 Bookmarker App 📱

**IG Reel Saver** is a web & Android app that lets you **receive Instagram Reel shares and bookmark them automatically** so you can build your own personal Reel library.

Built with **Angular + PWA + Trusted Web Activity (TWA)**.

<a></a>
---
## 🔄 How Reel Sharing Works
<p align="center">
  <img src="saveit.gif" width="320" alt="IG Reel Saver Demo"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <b>Instagram → Share → SaveIt→ Saved</b>
</p>

The app registers itself as a **Web Share Target** so Instagram can send Reel URLs directly into it.

---
## 📥 Download Android App

You can install **IG Reel Saver** directly on your Android device:

👉 **[Download SaveIt v1.0 APK](https://github.com/webdevsaravanan/ig-reel-saver/raw/refs/heads/main/SaveIt.v1.0.apk)**

After downloading:
1. Open the APK
2. Allow **Install from unknown sources**
3. Install and start bookmarking Instagram Reels 🚀
   
---
## 🚀 What This App Does

Instead of manually copying Instagram Reel links, this app allows you to:

1. Open Instagram  
2. Tap **Share → SaveIt App**  
3. The Reel is instantly **saved (bookmarked)** inside the app  

No copy-paste needed.

This app does **not download videos** — it only saves Reel links.

---

## 📲 Key Features

- 🔗 Accepts Instagram **Share Intent**
- 📌 Automatically bookmarks shared Reels
- 🗂 Stores all Reels in one organized list
- ⚡ Fast, offline-ready local storage
- 📱 Works as:
  - Web App  
  - PWA  
  - Android Trusted Web App (no browser UI)

---

## 🧠 Why This App Exists

Instagram’s “Saved” section is limited and hard to organize.  
IG Reel Saver gives you a **personal Reel vault**:

- No login
- No ads
- No tracking
- Your data stays on your device

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- Angular
- TypeScript
- Bootstrap
- IndexedDB (Dexie)
- PWA
- Trusted Web Activity (TWA)

---
